Name: Hank's Oyster Bar

Founder: Jamie Leeds

Established: 2018

Location: The Wharf, Washington, DC

Motto: "Come enjoy the largest selection of East and West coast oysters in the DMV alongside our beach food classics and cool drinks!"

Opening Hours:

Sunday to Thursday 11am – 10pm
Friday & Saturday 11am – 11pm

Story:
Hank’s Oyster Bar, named after our chef and restaurateur’s father Hank Leeds, has been serving up the freshest and widest selection of East and West coast oysters, local coastal favorites, and New England beach fare classics to locals and visitors alike since 2005.

Come try our award winning raw bar options like the fully loaded Seafood Plateau or tuck into some fan favorite like our Maine style lobster roll, fried oyster po’boy, crab cake platter, and molasses braised short ribs.  AND…don’t forget the oysters including the Salty Wolfe: our proprietary oyster grown in the lower Chesapeake Bay!

Jamie Leeds is one of Washington’s most highly recognized chefs and restaurateurs due to her wildly successful restaurants; her very active role in the community and her 30 plus years of inspiring culinary experience in New York and Washington, DC. In May 2005, she opened her first Hank’s Oyster Bar and began serving what she termed “Urban Beach Food”. Hank’s is named after Leeds’ father, who she credits as her inspiration for becoming a chef. Since its’ opening, Hank’s Oyster Bar has been praised by Gourmet, Bon Appetit, Food & Wine, Southern Living, The Washington Post, Washingtonian, DC magazine, The Washington Times and Fox Morning News.

In 2007, Jamie opened her second Hank’s Oyster Bar on King Street in Old Town Alexandria, Virginia.  In the winter of 2016, Jamie opened Hank’s Cocktail Bar, the two-time winner of the Washington Blade’s “Best Craft Cocktails” award. Hank’s Oyster Bar on the Wharf, the third and largest oyster bar location, opened in October 2017. Following the successful opening of both Hank’s Oyster Bar and Hank’s Cocktail Bar, Leeds formed the Jamie Leeds Restaurant Group.



Signature Dishes:
Hank’s Oyster Bar also tops several “Best of” and “Local Favorites” lists for their Seafood Plateau, authentic Lobster Roll, crab cakes, and of course OYSTERS!


Philosophy:
At Hank's, the belief is that every meal should be an experience, a celebration of fine food, family, and tradition. 

Community Involvement:
Hank's isn't just a restaurant; it's a part of the DC community. Leeds regularly hosts cooking events for locals and tourists. The restaurant also participates in local food festivals and charity events, contributing to various community projects.

